[ASM] EXPANDR-5997 (#30209)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/ReleaseNotes/1_7_5.md

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex ASM - Remediation

> Added the new inputs for *Cortex ASM - On Prem Remediation* playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new inputs for the **Cortex ASM - On Prem Remediation** playbook.
```

##### Cortex ASM - On Prem Enrichment

Playbook now supports collecting information on offending rules in Panorama.

##### Cortex ASM - On Prem Remediation

Added the following inputs to support blocking internet exposures via Panorama:

>  - *DeviceGroup* - Device Group of the firewall rule to lookup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *DeviceGroup* - Device group of the firewall rule to lookup.
```

>  - *SecondaryDeviceGroup* - In that case that the rule, address and service are created in the "Shared" location, we need to know what device-groups we can push to because it isn't possible to push to the "Shared" location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *SecondaryDeviceGroup* - If the rule, address and service are created in the "Shared" location, we need to know what device-groups we can push to because it isn't possible to push to the "Shared" location.
```
